Who will give me money?
Who is my daughter?
You are now the eldest lady of a wealthy family
Hmph, don't say give me some money to spend
Don't you forget
You have my blood on you
You don't deserve it.
You killed my mother
You still have the face to live
You've done all the bad things in your life
Walk me for a day
The law will punish you
Then your official is inside.
Then you will never see the light of day for the rest of your life
Wang Mengmeng, why are you talking to me?
No matter how bad my father is, he is also your biological father
That's a fact you can't get rid of
So
You ask him for money
You can even betray your own daughter
Haha, I can sell you once, or I can sell you a second time and a third time.
Just a despicable and shameless villain
Oh, what a pity.
This kid in Linchuan is really short-sighted
It's a shame you still like it since you were a child
He's about to marry your adoptive sister
It doesn't taste good
He will definitely know the truth
Good girl
Well, if you give dad 5 million
Dad will help you
Hmph, don't you want to marry that kid?
Isn't it easy for you to marry that kid and take out 500 yuan?
In your dreams, I won't give you a penny.
Then I can only hope that my daughter Xiaoxian will honor you in the future
Big brother, how can you
How could you not recognize me?